chore(migration examples): added KMS, raw AES and raw RSA keyring/MKP… (#687)
aws/aws-encryption-sdk-python: examples/src/migration/README.rst

##################
Migration Examples
##################

The native Python ESDK now uses the `AWS Cryptographic Material Providers Library`_,

> which introduces keyrings in place of the Master Key Provider. The MPL abstracts lower

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which introduces keyrings in place of Master Key Providers. The MPL abstracts lower
```

level cryptographic materials management of encryption and decryption materials.

This directory contains some examples to migrate from the legacy Master Key Providers
to keyrings. Here is the list of examples:
1. Migration to AWS KMS Keyring from AWS KMS Master Key Provider
2. Migration to Raw AES Keyring from Raw AES Master Key Provider
3. Migration to Raw RSA Keyring from Raw RSA Master Key Provider

> 4. Setting a 'CommitmentPolicy' during migration

Reviewer: This is mostly for ESDK 1.x to newer versions, not for MKP to keyrings

##################
Migration Examples
##################

The `Encryption SDK for Python`_ now uses the `AWS Cryptographic Material Providers Library`_,
which introduces keyrings in place of Master Key Providers. The MPL abstracts lower
level cryptographic materials management of encryption and decryption materials.

> This directory contains some examples to migrate from the old version of the ESDK.

Reviewer: Ah, no -- the first 3 are for MKP -> KMS. The last one is for the version upgrade

I'd suggest keeping the first 3 in a group explaining "MKP to KMS" and separate the last one as "1.x to newer version upgrade using keyrings"

Author: Sounds good. Thanks!

##################
Migration Examples
##################

The `Encryption SDK for Python`_ now uses the `AWS Cryptographic Material Providers Library`_. The MPL abstracts lower
level cryptographic materials management of encryption and decryption materials.

This directory contains migration examples for:

* Moving to Keyrings from Master Key Providers:
    #. Migration example to AWS KMS keyring from AWS KMS Master Key Provider.
    #. Migration example to Raw AES keyring from Raw AES Master Key Provider.
    #. Migration example to Raw RSA keyring from Raw RSA Master Key Provider.
    

> * Migration to newer versions of the ESDK from the old version (1.x):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Migration to newer versions of the ESDK (4.x+) from 1.x versions:
```
This is pretty specific to 1.x, let's leave out any references to "old versions" since 1.x covers the scope of impacted versions

Author: Okay

>     #. Setting a 'CommitmentPolicy' during migration.

Reviewer: I think this might be slightly misformatted? The rich text doesn't look quite right

Author: Yeah the line break after line 16 was causing the issue. Changed this to keep everything there in a single line. Thanks.

>     If you have messages encrypted in the older versions of the ESDK (1.x),
>     this example can guide you on how to decrypt those messages using the
>     new version of the ESDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have messages encrypted with 1.x versions of the ESDK
    (i.e. not using key commitment)
    and want to migrate to encrypt with key commitment
    using the keyring providers introduced in ESDK 4.x,
    this example will guide you on how to decrypt those messages using the
    new version of the ESDK.
```

Author: Thanks
